Add a snippet on Pkg.jl support for manifest arg in Project.toml (#1898)
JuliaLang/www.julialang.org: blog/2023/04/julia-1.9-highlights.md

This change means often a lot less code needs to be tracked, and in cases where code from dependencies fall in tight loops this can heavily speed up the test suite. In one example Octavian.jl tests with coverage enabled went from >2hrs to ~6 minutes.

> ### Better support for monorepos with sub-packages via the `manifest` field in `Project.toml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Better support for sub-packages in monorepos via the `manifest` field in `Project.toml`
```
Might be a bit clearer

*Jacob Quinn, Nick Robinson*

> While Base loading supported specifying a custom `manifest` in the `Project.toml` file, Pkg.jl was unaware and didn't take this configuration into account. By doing so, we now have a way to support "monorepo" style projects, where sub-projects
> (internal packages) can specify a root-level manifest to "share" dependency resolution and versions. This greatly simplifies Pkg operations on sub-projects because they don't need their _own_ Manifest.toml files that can quickly get out of
> sync with the parent or peer manifests.

Reviewer: I might switch the order, to start with explaining the new feature, then explain the context. That's usually beneficial in technical writing.
Something like:
```suggestion
Pkg will now support a `manifest = "path/to/Manifest.toml"` field, which simplifies the package management experience for projects that are organized with smaller sub-packages in the same repository.
While Base loading previously supported specifying a custom `manifest` in the `Project.toml` file, Pkg.jl was unaware and didn't take this configuration into account. With this change, "monorepo" style projects can have their sub-projects
(internal packages) specify a root-level manifest to "share" dependency resolution and versions. This greatly simplifies Pkg operations on sub-projects because they don't need their _own_ Manifest.toml files that can quickly get out of
sync with the parent or peer manifests.
```
Something like that?
